Now your mission is that
is the signup process.
Luckily for you, the sign in process is
effectively half of this test, right?
Instead of resetting the database, we
want to seed it with known users, right,
and they don't need to sign up for
an account.
Now extra things that we could do,
like here's where you would also take
this test, which you'd see the database.
And then you could theoretically go try to
sign up with a user that already exists in
the database, and
you should get the error that you expect.
There's many additional ways
that you could take this, and
obviously if you're doing full
if you're doing the happy and
unhappy paths you would test for
all of those things.
But it's mostly I should see this
error it's versions of things
we've already done at this
point multiple times.
But the kind of new piece is just,
yeah, setting up for
our test where you seed the database
using a seed task and then you only have
the part when you sign up, and
they should already exist in this case.